Hello friends, I am your Anthony.   Are you
going to take out health insurance for yourself and your family?
Watch this video in its entirety and
decide.  We are going to watch a comparison of
two excellent health insurance plans on our Digital Tamil TV channel
.  Let's take a look at a comparison of these two plans: ICICI Lombard's Elevate
and Star Health Insurance
Company's Superstar.  Let's
take a look at which type of plan will give you the most protection and the benefits it offers.
Before that, a small request: If
you haven't subscribed to our Digital Tamil
TV channel yet, then
don't forget to subscribe.  Also,
click the bell button below.   Let's
go into the video.  We looked at the ICICI
Lambard Elevate Plan and Super
Star Plan product types,
and then this one came up as an
individual family
health insurance.
We have seen both of these, so there are
health insurance
plans available for an individual and a family.  IDA Key Futures has
also come up with this one and there is a 30 add-on
option.
You can come and have your favorite goat option made
.
You will also get worldwide coverage.
This is the special cover for NRIs, which comes in star letters and
has a premium discount.  The pre-age
benefit means that the premium you paid at the
age you took out the policy will
continue to apply to you.   You will still
get dental cover from here as long as you don't make a claim.
You
can get coverage for outpatient department expenses here, with OPD details here.  Both
plans
come with room rent, a limited room rent coverage, and touring hospitalization
coverage
.   If you
come to ICICI and take the option,
then
you will get coverage up to unlimited.
Similarly, you can get
unlimited coverage with Superstar
.
You can come to your
home for inpatient hospitalization and receive your treatment.  That's why you
get coverage for both inpatient hospitalization and outpatient hospitalization.
Pre-hospitalization
means that you will have to pay for the expenses incurred before you go to the hospital, such as
scans,
medicines, and
tests.
Both plans will cover all of these expenses. Post-
hospitalization means that
you will have to
pay for all of the expenses incurred after you are discharged from the hospital
.  And here comes day
care treatment coverage.  This means that you can come and get coverage for
all types of urgent care treatments that can be seen at a 24-hour hospital
.
Both have coverage.  There are
10,600 Hospital Plus coming from ICICI network hospitals
.  Similarly, if you come to Star Health,
you can get a Plus Hospital for 14,000 and
there is a network hospital.
You can check your coverage there
.
They may come and provide coverage for organ donor expenses, expenses incurred
on organ donor in case of
organ transplants, both of which are
covered.  Hospital Daily
Allowance.  Some plans come with a
daily allowance and
expenses for taking care of you.  Likefood
and everything else
has coverage.  Coverage is available under both plans
.  Ambulance charges may be incurred when
you are going from home to the hospital or from the hospital to another hospital, and
this
coverage is available.  Maternity
benefits
come with all hospitals and cost coverage at the time of pregnancy
and delivery, and there is
coverage here.  You can come to some plans and
get an option for yourself.
And here comes the new phone baby cover.
If you have a baby when you take out the policy,
then you will get
coverage for that baby
.  Both panels will
provide coverage.
You have an add-on option for health checkups here.  You can
come and get a full health checkup
.
Fulla comes and you, the policy holder,
have all the coverage.  Both
plans have coverage.  Sublimit:
You can get a sublimit if you apply for a
specific disease like cancer in a
plan.
You will get coverage for certain illnesses, such as cataracts, for a specified period of time.  But there is no
penalty payment with both of these plans
.   If you
have children of plan entry age,
you can join this plan from 91 days up to a maximum of 30 years of age.  There is no
maximum age limit for adults, starting at 18 years old
.  This is what Superstar comes with, Individual comes with,
No Limit Floater comes with, Children from 18 years of age can come and add children from 91
days old to 25 years old. Child Plan
Premium Entry Age does not
mention anything about it. Plan Waiting Period
means that after taking the policy and spending 30 days,
we can come and avoid accidents and
take care of everything.
They have given both the same 30 days.  Plan Coverage
Superstar comes and
we get individual and family coverage.   The
plan sample premium is not available, but the
policy term comes and goes, meaning you can make payments for one
year, two years, or even three years
.  You will
get a discount on that.  It will last
up to five years until it becomes a superstar.   I
only have three years left.  IC
Charge will cover us until our semester ends
.  There is coverage for COVID
.  Catrac is not covered,
meaning there is no coverage in ICS.
Superstar has coverage, Catrac.
Automatic
restoration is covered by both plans
.  Both Ayush and Ayurvedic treatments
are covered.  Modern treatment, i.e.,
robotic,
has coverage for both types of treatment.
You also have e-consultation coverage
.  The air ambulance has arrived here and
is covered.  We came across global coverage and saw
that there
is some coverage.  There
is no coverage for Superstar.  The claim ratio at
ICICI is 97.16.
This is what comes in Superstar and the
solvency ratio is 99.21 and
2.62, respectively, and the
coverage is 2.19.
This video does not provide legal advice.   If
you are considering purchasing this plan,
we advise you to contact your agent or the numbers below to check the terms and conditions of the policy, which is the leading company, and your family's health status.
Subscribe to our Digital Tamil TV channel to get more such news.  If you
liked this video, please
share it with your friends.  Like it
.  Comment.
Thank you for watching this video.